and you are welcome
There is a new skin and that
champion chips ivana as we have often done
call for championship and championship
Träsch had now this
bitch we see a lot of little ones
details starting with the hair at
the clown and of course the
Now they are like real kites
feet off and of course we have for the
Comparison between the classic
shimano and the new skin why the
Shadow here so does not flicker
but we go right through the
animation with controls 1 vc both
their hands together and pretend to be
dragon after the schnapps control two
the crowns of the dance are beautiful
just see so we see generally
now only from the control
animation is all the same synonymous
laugh was great sic months to go now
the ability through them has me
beaten their hands lit the red
my hands are bright blue and me
they turn bluish now we look
the reality to us
I have a blue circle around me
around lights and here comes a stopped
In any case we notice everything
The classic cubana blue is one
the other way around, everything that we otis here
is with me there you have the kite
blue dragon and a red dragon
I think both have definitely been
it will cost and has 950 skin
he actually has the kites dancing
So also the animation here are the same
So we see the color is different
but skills are the same and the
animation otherwise 59 becomes the child
would cost greven wants migros no
others that are here so encircled here
the new but I hope you have it
like
i think the chin is ok i am
too bad that no new rickey animation
but that was confused
come until next time yours is
at the gp with me, of course, the skins
always first, it's good